Improved get_traffic_stats report as well as added sender side report (#33)
mbakholdina/lib-tcpdump-processing: README.md

**`lib-tcpdump-processing`** is a library designed to process `.pcap(ng)` [tcpdump](https://www.tcpdump.org/) or [Wireshark](https://www.wireshark.org/) trace files and extract [SRT](https://github.com/Haivision/srt) packets of interest for further analysis.

> It also helps to process a network trace file and generate a report with SRT related statistics. In particular, the following statistics is calculated at the receiver side:
> - The number of SRT DATA and CONTROL packets present in a dump,
> - Original DATA packets received, lost, recovered, and unrecovered,
> - Retransmitted DATA packets received and the amount of packets retransmitted once, twice, 3x or more times,
> - The information about CONTROL packets (ACK, ACKACK, and NAK packets),
> - And other relevant information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It also helps to process a network trace file and generate a report with SRT related statistics. In particular, the following statistics are calculated at the receiver side:
- the number of SRT DATA and CONTROL packets present in a dump,
- original DATA packets received, lost, recovered, and unrecovered,
- retransmitted DATA packets received and the amount of packets retransmitted once, twice, 3 times, or more,
- information about CONTROL (ACK, ACKACK, and NAK) packets,
- and other relevant information.
```

> See [`get-traffic-stats`](#get-traffic-stats) script for details and reports examples.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the [`get-traffic-stats`](#get-traffic-stats) script for details and report examples.
```
